content/en/docs/prologue/introduction.md, before:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "Doks is a Hugo theme for building secure, fast, and SEO-ready documentation websites, which you can easily update and customize."
lead: "Doks is a Hugo theme for building secure, fast, and SEO-ready documentation websites, which you can easily update and customize."
date: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "prologue"
weight: 100
toc: true
---

## Get started

There are two main ways to get started with Doks:

### Tutorial

{{< alert icon="👉" text="The Tutorial is intended for novice to intermediate users." />}}

Step-by-step instructions on how to start a new Doks project. [Tutorial →](https://getdoks.org/tutorial/introduction/)

### Quick Start

{{< alert icon="👉" text="The Quick Start is intended for intermediate to advanced users." />}}

One page summary of how to start a new Doks project. [Quick Start →]({{< relref "quick-start" >}})

## Go further

Recipes, Reference Guides, Extensions, and Showcase.

### Recipes

Get instructions on how to accomplish common tasks with Doks. [Recipes →](https://getdoks.org/docs/recipes/project-configuration/)

### Reference Guides

Learn how to customize Doks to fully make it your own. [Reference Guides →](https://getdoks.org/docs/reference-guides/security/)

### Extensions

Get instructions on how to add even more to Doks. [Extensions →](https://getdoks.org/docs/extensions/breadcrumb-navigation/)

### Showcase

See what others have build with Doks. [Showcase →](https://getdoks.org/showcase/electric-blocks/)

## Contributing

Find out how to contribute to Doks. [Contributing →](https://getdoks.org/docs/contributing/how-to-contribute/)

## Help

Get help on Doks. [Help →]({{< relref "how-to-update" >}})

Commit message:

Docs : Update introduction, commands, quick-start

content/en/docs/prologue/introduction.md, after:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "Open-Set-Go is a starting toolkit that allows anyone to start and operate open-source projects easily and quickly."
lead: "Open-Set-Go is a starting toolkit that allows anyone to start and operate open-source projects easily and quickly."
date: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2023-08-30T17:07:19+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "prologue"
weight: 100
toc: true
---

### Quick Start

One page summary of how to start a new Open-Set-Go project. [Quick Start →](https://open-set-go.netlify.app/docs/prologue/quick-start/)

### Commands

One page summarizing commands for common tasks in Open-Set-Go. [Commands →](https://open-set-go.netlify.app/docs/prologue/commands/)


## Go further

Recipes, Reference Guides, Extensions, and Showcase.

### Template Guides

Learn how to customize Doks to fully make it your own. [Template Guides →](https://open-set-go.netlify.app/docs/templates/express/)


## Contributing

Find out how to contribute to Doks. [Contributing →](http://github.com/AgainIoT/Open-Set-Go/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Showcase

See what others have build with Doks. [Showcase →](https://open-set-go.netlify.app/docs/showcase/showcase/)

## Help

Get help on Doks. [Help →](https://open-set-go.netlify.app/docs/help/faq/)
